come
Change my clothes
If my empress, Prime Minister Shen, can get the injustice of the minister, Zhou Xue, you will no longer be guilty
Besides, you were originally the wife married by the emperor's media
Now it's just a formal rich ceremony
The queen changes clothes for the emperor
Isn't that the right thing to do?
He wants to make me queen
So many layers
How do you wear it?
Come and let me teach you
My people saw you behaving intimately with King Qi at the Guogong Palace
Is there such a thing?
I was taking the pulse of King Qi
Besides, if I really had an affair with King Qi, I would have eloped with him long ago
Why are you still staying in the Duke's Mansion to treat him?
Really not
Really not.
How?
Yes, how can I prove it? I